feat: vault section enhancement (#239)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: learn/tanssi/external-security-providers/symbiotic.md

### Vaults {: #vaults }

[Vaults](https://docs.symbiotic.fi/modules/vault/introduction){target=\_blank} are the Symbiotic protocol's economic backbone. They manage liquidity and deposits from restakers, connect operators and networks, and set up delegation strategies.

> Each vault is bound to a specific token that satisfies the IERC20 interface, and only one type of token is accepted as collateral. Internally, the funds within the vault are represented as shares, which provide a mechanism for tracking ownership and distributing rewards. However, the reward token may differ from the collateral token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each vault is bound to a specific token that satisfies the [IERC20](https://github.com/ethereum/ercs/blob/master/ERCS/erc-20.md){target=\_blank} interface that is accepted as collateral. Internally, the funds within the vault are represented as shares, which provide a mechanism for tracking ownership and distributing rewards. However, the reward token may differ from the collateral token.
```

> A vault comprises three key modules, each serving a distinct function: the slasher, the delegator, and the accounting module. The implementation of these modules can vary depending on the vault manager's decisions.

Reviewer: Reorder elements to match the list

- **Accounting Module** - handles the vault's financial operations, including processing user deposits, managing withdrawal requests, tracking active balances and total supply, and implementing epoch-based accounting for withdrawals and slashing events. The accounting module's standard implementation is [ERC-4626](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/), which provides a vault with a shares system included

> - **Delegator Module** - defines how funds are delegated across operators and networks. Several [strategies](https://docs.symbiotic.fi/modules/vault/delegator) are available, allowing the vault manager to select with which operators and networks want to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Delegator Module** - defines how funds are delegated across operators and networks. Several [strategies](https://docs.symbiotic.fi/modules/vault/delegator) are available, allowing the vault manager to select which operators and networks they want to work with
```

- **Slahser Module** - implements the [slashing](#slashing-process) logic, which penalizes bad actors

> Since the operators get delegated stake and could potentially get slashed, they must be accepted by the vault managers before providing validation services to the networks. On a similar note, vault managers analyze and authorize each network the vault will secure, taking into consideration, for example, the rewards the network offers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the operators get delegated stake from the vault and could potentially get slashed, they must be approved by the vault managers beforehand. On a similar note, vault managers analyze and authorize each network the vault will secure, considering, for example, the rewards the network offers.
```

### Vaults {: #vaults }

[Vaults](https://docs.symbiotic.fi/modules/vault/introduction){target=\_blank} are the Symbiotic protocol's economic backbone. They manage liquidity and deposits from restakers, connect operators and networks, and set up delegation strategies.

Each vault is bound to a specific token that satisfies the [IERC20](https://github.com/ethereum/ercs/blob/master/ERCS/erc-20.md){target=\_blank} interface and is accepted as collateral. Internally, the funds within the vault are represented as shares, which provide a mechanism for tracking ownership and distributing rewards. However, the reward token may differ from the collateral token.

A vault comprises three key modules, each serving a distinct function: the slasher, the delegator, and the accounting module. The implementation of these modules can vary depending on the vault manager's decisions.

> - **Slahser module** - implements the [slashing](#slashing-process) logic, which penalizes bad actors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Slasher module** - implements the [slashing](#slashing-process) logic, which penalizes bad actors
```

> - **Delegator module** - defines how funds are delegated across operators and networks. Several [strategies](https://docs.symbiotic.fi/modules/vault/delegator) are available, allowing the vault manager to select which operators and networks they want to work with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Delegator module** - defines how funds are delegated across operators and networks. Several [strategies](https://docs.symbiotic.fi/modules/vault/delegator){target=\_blank} are available, allowing the vault manager to select which operators and networks they want to work with
```

> - **Accounting module** - handles the vault's financial operations, including processing user deposits, managing withdrawal requests, tracking active balances and total supply, and implementing epoch-based accounting for withdrawals and slashing events. The accounting module's standard implementation is [ERC-4626](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/), which provides a vault with a shares system included

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Accounting module** - handles the vault's financial operations, including processing user deposits, managing withdrawal requests, tracking active balances and total supply, and implementing epoch-based accounting for withdrawals and slashing events. The accounting module's standard implementation is [ERC-4626](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/){target=\_blank}, which provides a vault with a shares system included
```
